Created a topic outline for participants to experience "Project Collaboration with Multiple Contributors" (#2103)
Techtonica/curriculum: practice/project_collaboration.md

### Week 10 Group Project: Collaborative Project Design and Development

This lesson introduces participants to collaborating with multiple contributors on a shared project, helping them gain experience in team communication, task division, and Git workflow in a real-world setting. Participants will work on the **Animal Sighting Tracker** project concurrently, implementing collaborative skills while managing both projects efficiently.

---

### Objectives

**Participants will be able to:**

- Plan and design a project collaboratively, with specific roles and responsibilities for each team member.
- Use Git and GitHub effectively for multi-contributor workflows.
- Break down and assign tasks with incremental deadlines.
- Integrate daily check-ins to track progress and understand group needs.
- Complete a screen recording of the final collaborative project in the README.

### Prerequisites

- Familiarity with Git and GitHub workflows for multi-contributor projects
- Completion of prior individual projects (weeks 1-8) as foundational practice
- Introductory knowledge of time management techniques (e.g., Kanban, Scrum)

---

### Project Outline

1. **Project Selection and Setup**:

>    - Choose an earlier project from weeks 1-8 and start working on the [Animal Sighting Tracker](https://github.com/Techtonica/curriculum/blob/main/projects/mern-pern-project.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Choose an earlier project from weeks 1-8 to work on with a group of 2-3 cohort-mates. You will need to juggle working on the [Animal Sighting Tracker](https://github.com/Techtonica/curriculum/blob/main/projects/mern-pern-project.md) this week as well.
     - [Recipe Page](https://github.com/Techtonica/curriculum/blob/main/projects/recipe-page/phase-1-html-prompt.md)
     - [Portfolio / Resume Page](https://github.com/Techtonica/curriculum/blob/main/projects/portfolio/portfolio-webpage-1.md)
     - [Game App](https://github.com/Techtonica/curriculum/blob/main/projects/js-html-games.md)
     - [RESTful API App](https://github.com/Techtonica/curriculum/blob/main/projects/rest-api-project.md)
     - [Weather App](https://github.com/Techtonica/curriculum/blob/main/projects/weather-app.md)
```
